what is the difference between tight coupling and loose coupling?
tight coupling :- Tight coupling is a design situation where one class directly depends
 on the concrete implementation of another class. Because of this strong dependency, any change in one class can impact the other class, making the system harder to maintain and modify.


2) what is the differnece between concrete class and abstract class ?
A concrete class is a fully implemented class whose objects can be created directly, whereas an abstract class is an incomplete class that cannot be instantiated and is meant to be extended by other classes.

3)why framework is required?
java provides alot of feature and methods but we want to impelement enterprise level application or business application that time we need to focus on the business logic rather than focusing on the boiler plate code. while developing the applcation wee need to do so many things like logging , batching applying security to the application framework provides basic structure and basic functionality that we can work upon and we can mainly focus on our business implementation. 

4) what do you mean by ioc ?
ioc stands for inversion of control-


5) what do you mean by @springboot application ?
it perform auto configuration 
its start ioc container 
 it perfrom component Component scanning

 6) what is the difference between application context interface and bean factory interface ?

 7) what are the type of ioc container available in springboot application ?
 basically there are two type of ioc container available in springboot applcaiton :
 1) bean factory( lazy loading )
 2) applicationcontext(eager loading)
 

 9) what does ioc container does ?
 ioc container is responsbile for:-
 creating beans 
 injecting dependencies 
 managing the life cycle of beanch . 
 bean factory:-
 Basic IoC container
Uses Lazy Loading
Beans created only when requested
2️⃣ ApplicationContext:-
Advanced IoC container
Extends BeanFactory
Uses Eager Loading
Provides extra features like:
Event handling
AOP
Internationalization



